Added displayName prop to AsseTree (#444)
cognitedata/gearbox.js: src/components/AssetTree/stories/full.md

| Property              | Description                                 | Type                        | Default |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------- | --------------------------- | ------- |

> | `displayName`         | Modify the display name of an asset         | `(asset: Asset) => string` | `Name: Description` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `displayName`         | Modify the display name of an asset         | `(asset: Asset) => string` | `(...) => "assetName: assetDescription" |
```
